<pre>
"""
/**********************************************************

    Author          :Charlie Cosse

    Email           :ccosse_at_gmail_dot_com

    License         :GPLv3

***********************************************************/
"""
Updated 7/22/2018 tested with PyGame 1.9.4 and Python 3.6

             README for MotorCycle BlackJack
                Version 0.1, May 12, 2011

MotorCycle BlackJack is a standalone blackjack game with
configurable motorcycle imagery.  By default the game is
configured with a 2011 Honda CBR250R theme, but you can
easily drop-in your own images to gaze upon your favorite
machine while practicing your blackjack skills.

All platforms (Linux/Mac/Windows) can run the program by
simply unzipping the package and running blackjack.py from
within that directory.  Additionally, Linux users can run
the setup.py script to install the package files to their
site-packages/ directory of their python installation.

If you just run from the unzipped package directory then
images can be added by merely dropping them into the
corresponding directories under the application's files
directory, which is called "bj".  If you installed the
program via setup.py then the "bj" directory has been
copied to $PYTHON_PATH/site-packages/bj, and additional
images can be dropped into corresponding directories there.

The game is written in Python (www.python.org) and uses
PyGame (www.pygame.org) and WxPython (www.wxpython.org).
You should have all three dependencies installed first.
Please see the INSTALL file for complete instructions.

The syntax for running the game from command-line is:
blackjack.py		(no wx admin interface)
blackjack.py -wx 	(launch wxadmin via F1 key)


The F1 key launches the admin configuration interface.
The F12 key sets display mode=FULLSCREEN (Linux only)
The F10 key saves a screenshot to your current directory.
ESCAPE key exits the game.


</pre>
